Update Load Data Into Astra README.md (#33)
riptano/astra-portal-getting-started: loadDataIntoAstraDB/README.md

- Verify both datasets using the CQL Console

# Prerequisites
While not required for _all_ the following sections, you'll want to have: 
- Access to a local terminal
- Java 8 or higher

## 1 Create a database to explore data loading

> While you don't _have_ to use the following database and keyspace name, it would be best if you do to follow the examples below. If not, you'll have to replace them with your own values.

Author: ```suggestion
You don't _have_ to use the following database and keyspace name; it would be best if you do to follow the examples below. If not, you have to replace them with your own values.
```

> First, create a database with the following database and keyspace name with the button below.  It only take a couple minutes for your database to become `ACTIVE`. 

Author: ```suggestion
First, create a database with the following database and keyspace name with the button below.  It only takes a couple minutes for your database to become `ACTIVE`. 
```

machine_learning
```

> When your database becomes active, you’ll see its information appear above. Once complete, continue in the next section.

Author: ```suggestion
When your database becomes active, its information appears above. Once complete, continue in the next section.
```

## 2 Use the Astra data loader to upload your own dataset
The Astra data loader is good for smaller sets of data (under 40MB), or data used for experimenting and testing. 

### 2a Prepare a CSV file
You'll need a **CSV** file. We've created one for you to use as an example.

> [DOWNLOAD movies.csv](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riptano/astra-portal-getting-started/main/loadDataIntoAstraDB/movies.csv) <-- _right click on the `DOWNLOAD` link and choose **Save Link As**_

Author: ```suggestion
[DOWNLOAD movies.csv](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/riptano/astra-portal-getting-started/main/loadDataIntoAstraDB/movies.csv) <-- _right click on the `DOWNLOAD` link and select **Save Link As**_
```

> _**NOTE:** Mac users need to explicitly set the movies file extension to .csv; otherwise it will try and download the file with *.txt._

Author: You say "it will try" but will the system succeed with this download? If so, how about the following:

NOTE:
Mac users need to explicitly set the movies' file extenson to .csv to avoid downloading the file with *.txt.

Reviewer: What you added LGTM

> _**NOTE:** Mac users need to explicitly set the movies file extension to .csv; otherwise it will try and download the file with *.txt._

Author: ```suggestion
_**NOTE:** 
Mac users need to explicitly set the movies' file extension to .csv; to avoid downloading the file with *.txt._
```

### 2b Open the Data Loader
Launch the data loader using the link below. This opens the loader in a separate tab. 

_You may want to view this side-by-side with this guide._

<<launchDataLoader>>

### 2c Upload the CSV file
Now follow the instructions for the **"Upload your own dataset"** section at the top. Use the **movies** CSV file you just downloaded. 

Once the upload is complete, click the **"Next"** button that appears to move on.

### 2d Preview data and set the partition key

> The **"Data Preview and Types"** section with the field **"Table Name"**, a preview of the dataset, and the field **"Partition keys"**. Ensure each field has the following values.

Author: Agreed, take out "should."

> The **"Data Preview and Types"** section with the field **"Table Name"**, a preview of the dataset, and the field **"Partition keys"**. Ensure each field has the following values.

Author: ```suggestion
You can see the **"Data Preview and Types"** section with the field **"Table Name"**, a preview of the dataset, and the field **"Partition keys"**. Ensure each field has the following values.
```

Author: The word "now" right one instance right behind the other is too much.

```
_This is the keyspace we created earlier to contain our tables._

Select **"machine_learning"** from the **"Target Keyspace"** field.

Once all values are selected click **"Finish"**. 

### 2f Load data in background

> At this point the dataset is loaded in the background and you receive both an email when the process starts and when the data is loaded. This should only take a couple of minutes; move on to section 3 below. Come back and verify the data later.

Author: ```suggestion
Now, the dataset is loaded in the background and you receive both an email when the process starts and when the data is loaded. This only takes a couple of minutes; move on to section 3 below. Come back and verify the data later.
```

> While DSBulk is pretty easy to use on its own, the Astra CLI makes using it a little simpler and provides a whole set of other options we'll explore below.

Author: ```suggestion
While DSBulk is easy to use on its own, the Astra CLI makes using it a little simpler and provides a whole set of other options we'll explore below.
```

### 3a Install Astra CLI

> The first thing you'll need to do is install the Astra CLI. Execute the following command in a local terminal.

Author: ```suggestion
First, install the Astra CLI. Execute the following command in a local terminal.
```

📘 **Command to execute**
```shell
curl -Ls https://dtsx.io/get-astra-cli | bash
```

### 3b Generate a token for access _(you can use an existing token if you have one)_
Now, setup the CLI. Get an Astra token ready for this step. Tokens are used to securely authenticate and issue commands.

> After passing the token to Astra CLI, Astra handles everything else for you. Use the following action to create a token if you don't already have one.

Author: ```suggestion
Pass the token to Astra CLI. The Astra CLI handles everything else for you. Use the following action to create a token if you don't already have one.
```

> After passing the token to Astra CLI, Astra handles everything else for you. Use the following action to create a token if you don't already have one.

Author: Can we take this first sentence (After passing the token...) out? It mentions what happens later which is out of sequence.

> After passing the token to Astra CLI, Astra handles everything else for you. Use the following action to create a token if you don't already have one.

Reviewer: I see what you are referring to. Yes, we can remove it.

**Recommended role:** _"Organization Administrator"_

<<createToken>>

> Use the setup command. Pass in your token when asked and load some data!

Author: ```suggestion
Use the setup command. Pass in your token when prompted and load some data!
```
